AWS Cloud Adaption frame work:  Help syou to migrate applications smoothly to AWS Cloud.
(https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/enterprise-strategy/6-strategies-for-migrating-applications-to-the-cloud/)
E​lastic Beanstalk
With Elastic Beanstalk, you can quickly deploy and manage applications in the AWS Cloud without having to learn about the infrastructure that runs those applications. Elastic Beanstalk reduces management complexity without restricting choice or control. This can be a useful tool for you to utilize when testing functionality of your applications in AWS. Checkout these Elastic Beanstalk tutorials and concepts for more info.

T​he Security Pillar
It is important, while evaluating your portfolio, to evaluate the ability to protect your information, systems, and assets. Security should be a major part of the planning, and should be considered from early in the process all the way through to operational phases of your migrations. Here's more info about the Security pillar. You can also checkout the following articles to learn about how to protect your data in transit and at rest.

A​WS Migration HUB
AWS Migration Hub provides a rich web experience that helps you understand your existing IT assets as well as view and track progress of application migrations. It lets you collect and view data about on-premises resources, group those resources into applications, and track the progress of those applications as you migrate to AWS.

W​hat Do You Need to Know Before Your Start?
Database migration is a complex, multiphase process, which usually includes assessment, database schema conversion script conversion, data migration, functional testing, performance tuning, and many other steps. Read this blog for more info: Database Migration - What Do You Need to Know Before You Start?

Migration Delivery Partners
Migration Delivery Partners help customers through every stage of migration, accelerating results by providing personnel, tools, and education in the form of professional services. These partners either are, or have a relationship with, an AWS audited Managed Service Provider to help you with ongoing support of AWS workloads.